doc(redis instrumentation): Use latest options in readme (#1058)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-ruby: instrumentation/redis/README.md

OpenTelemetry::SDK.configure do |c|
  c.use 'OpenTelemetry::Instrumentation::Redis', {
    # The obfuscation of arguments in the db.statement attribute is enabled by default.

>     # To show full query, set db_statement to :include.
>     # To obfuscation, set db_statement to :obfuscate.
>     # To remove tag, set db_statement to :omit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # To include the full query, set db_statement to :include.
    # To obfuscate, set db_statement to :obfuscate.
    # To omit the attribute, set db_statement to :omit.
```

Author: nice. thank you for the correction. now it sounds better.

OpenTelemetry::SDK.configure do |c|
  c.use 'OpenTelemetry::Instrumentation::Redis', {
    # The obfuscation of arguments in the db.statement attribute is enabled by default.

>     # To disable, set db_statement to :include or :omit if the tag not required.

Reviewer: Obfuscate is also a valid and supported option.
```suggestion
    # To disable, set db_statement to :include, :obfuscate or :omit if the tag not required.
```

Author: A bit rephrased the comment - I split options to separate lines.
